add scrolling to chat window --- solved

check if after socket disconnect and new socket replace old socket chat functionality still works proper --- solved

another problem: all the message for disconnect aren't displayed except when triggered by timeout. --- solved

if only one player player info don't show the according infos. --- solved

function logout() logout fires only, if socket has be reconnected and then times out, not if it is the first load and then times out -- wtf?!? --- solved





after play game and won start button shows up on second socket and doesn't disappear on click

personalize that shit:
instead of 'player such and suchs turn' --- 'opponent's name turn' or 'your turn, name'
instead of 'game over: player ...has won' --- 'game over: you or oppenent's name has won respectively

it says 'two players connected' but there is only one player.

on finish input name there should be your playing agains name of opponent

make name input mandatory - on opening app input field pops up to make it clear to user that name has to be entered befor game can begin.

notify players about disconnect or new connect

what if: two players in a room, one player gets disconnected on timeout 
1 is the other player still connected?
2 is the other player notified about the disconnect?
3 can another player enter the room?

if one socket is disconnected on timeout (doesn't have to be on timeout - normal disconnect does the same thing), if I click a button on the other socket I get:

home/theironduke/webdev/JS_Kurs/Teil_4/TicTacToeWebS/server.js:93
          obj.player2.emit('enableClient1');        
                      ^

TypeError: Cannot read property 'emit' of undefined
   etc....

this shouldn't happen because this line is wrapped in a conditional that ensures the existence of obj.player2 (and obj.player1 for that matter).



logged out player is beeing reconnected if the other socket connects or reconnects because of function call in conditionals in function roomsAndPlayaz.






